I was sexually abused by my 16 year old cousin when I was 3. I used to have...the most terrible nightmares, not only about the experience, but of the hospital visit after. It's scarred me ever since. What I do to not remember is...remember. I've accepted that it has happened to me, but I've explained to myself that it was never my fault. By remembering the event, I was able to get over the hurt, and fear, and ultimately forget.
Hey Courtney! 
I would just like to start out by saying, I've helped council countless people in this sensitive area. The most important thing to do, is to always remember what happened was not your fault, and there's nothing you could have done. Secondly, I tell people that although It's a painful memory, don't try to just bury it, and think you can forget about it that way, because in most cases that won't work. I think you have to realize, yes it happened, but no I'm not going to let this screw me up. I know It's such a painful thing to go through, and I realize a lot of people are even ashamed of it; there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's not your fault, and the man upstairs knows everything. Another hard thing to do is to forgive. And I know to most people that'll sound insane, but it help you heal emotionally. Coming to grips, and giving mercy are big ways that can help the dramatic event, not pop up so frequently.
So I hope this helped, even a little! If you need anymore help, or have anymore questions just let me know!&lt;3
I've never had an experience like yours, but my stepmom has. The biggest thing to remember is that what happened isn't your fault. And don't let it define you. Your a beautiful young girl who has a nice path ahead of you. Remember that. As for forgetting, I don't think you will ever truly forget, but time always makes things better. And I'm glad you aren't gonna try and take the easy way out. Your a strong girl, and I'm sure you've heard this countless times, but I'm very sorry about what happened to you. Stay strong. x
I'm currently 15 almost 16 and last year in June i became so angry with the world and my own mother. Where i ran to my friends house down the street. I was at the point of living on edge not even caring anymore what happened to me. I turned to drugs which almost killed me and then in late July i was at the wrong place at the wrong time. I was dating a guy i stayed up all night and my friend was dating his cousin so all four of us were at their place just chillen. Well my friend left me there with the guy i was dating and somehow we ended up in a room. I was so out of it i couldn't tell what was going on my mind was moving too slow. It was too late when i realized i had been raped. I always felt like it was my fault but i know it wasn't and i just didn't care. I wanted life to just end and i could care less what would've happened to me. It hurts when people sometimes ask about why the guy and i broke up just cause it's painful.
Okay I'm Benjamin. I'm fifteen. As most fifteen year old guys do, I have a lot of 'problems'. My home life isn't 'perfect', but who's is? I love my family with my entire heart, and I would give my life for any one of them. I invest a lot of my time in sports and schoolwork, but honestly most of my time is invested into the lives of my friends. I'm sorta the guy people come to talk to, because I've been through a lot. I've been through cutting, addiction to porn, best friend suicide, fighting at home, and some other things that will not be mentioned here; but you name it I've had some experience to it. Life's been tough. When I was twelve I got so depressed I started hurting myself in anyway I could. My self-abuse went on until I was fourteen, and I got some help. We all go through this stage where we feel like nobody loves us, and being alive sucks, but eventually it'll end. I've been cut free for over a year now. During this same time I hit puberty and the addiction to the female body. Now before you think I'm some creepy little horny teenage boy you need to understand that ALL teenage boys go through this. The one's who say they don't are either lying, or are gay. But that is beside the point, anyways during my self-abuse stage I was addicted to porn. Most of my addiction was probably fueled by the fact that I thought I was a total badass for getting around my parents, the rest of it was because I was a teenage boy. This issue was a lot tougher to attack then my self-abuse issues. I've just recently been able to free my addiction hopefully for good due to the help of a few adults I confided in with my problems. After I defeated my self-abuse the depression of feeling like I was the worst dude in the world and everything else I was going through, one of my friends decided it would be funny to kill themselves. Now I had never met this person face to face. We had met and talked over skype for two years, and I became very close to him. Even considered him as my best friend. Anyways, exactly two weeks before my 14th birthday he went and killed himself; for reasons I did not, and still cannot understand. I never received any information or anything except he was dead. After this the sudden urge to go hurt myself came back. This is when I majorly started going to church and getting involved into small groups. It was the only way I felt I could defeat my depression, and it worked. Within six months I was again myself and back to helping others rather then hiding in my little corner of pity and grief. After this is when fighting in the home began to majorly take place. Me and my siblings fought constantly; my parents and my siblings fought excessively; and my parents had their little quarrels as well. I know most of you can relate to this as most of us do not have a perfect home life. But this really beat me up inside. Feeling like I had no real relationships with my siblings really tore at me. Eventually, I manage to establish a relationship with my sister. My three other brothers are still borderline. But besides all of this I've grown up and I've turned out the person I am today. Happy go lucky, funny, quirky, rambunctious, curious, loving, caring, and emotional me. I tell you my life story not so you'll think I'm a weirdo, or so you'll pity me, or anything of that sort. I tell you this, because I know a lot of my friends are going through this exact same thing right now, and I want you to know it IS possible to change. To be a new person, to leave your past behind and break free. Honestly, I can't mention some things I've been through because it's too personal, but I've been through hell and back emotionally. I know what it feels like to not feel wanted. To be told you're worthless. To be treated like shit by those who claim to love you. I know what it feels like; I really truly do, and it pains me to know how many of you also know that same feeling. But I'm here to build confidence, and inspire you to keep moving forward. You can become something great if it's what you desire. If you truly desire to get out of this you can! It's NOT un-reachable! My life and others like me are living testaments to what can be achieved if you desire to, and then take the necessary steps to change. I've basically spilled most of my life story out here for you guys, and those of you who are just going to judge it, may go ahead and do so. It's things like this that shows me who the 'real' people are out there. Those of you who read this and will actually listen to the words I've spoken I applaud you for seeing this through open eyes, and open hearts, and if any of you would like to talk to me about any of this, or anything else, I'm here to listen. Message me on facebook, or email me spratley.ben@gmail.com do whatever, but I want you to talk to me if you need someone to talk to. I appreciate your guys time in reading this. 
And let me just add,  of you are worthless, or ugly, or anything like that just because you've had to face these trials! If anything you're inspiring, courageous, and strong because you're dealing with them! I'm very open to helping anyone who's seeking it!
Wow, you've really been to hell and back. But to see you come out on top of ypur problems is truely inspiring to me. You are a simply amazing &amp; even though i dont know you, after reading all that I feel proud of you for being able to tell you whole life stories to strangers. It makes me rethink my whole life!
Hey Geneva! 
Yes I have; and I used to look at it as such a terrible thing. But now seeing how much I can help people because of it, has really helped me see what blessings each trial brought into my life. Thank you so much, but if it weren't for my Lord and Savior I would still be lost.
For me personally, I drink when the times get to hard and get carried away with it. I just wanted to talk to people that are in the same position. Picking up that bottle when I can't take anything anymore, is the only way I can relax myself, anyone else like this?
I've definitely tried a few times and with a bottle sitting in the fridge, its really tempting. TV makes it look like an easy escape, doesnt it. honestly i only see it as a problem when its affecting your 'work hours' or 'school time'. thats not good advice haha.
i drink because its a way out. it puts me in a dream state where everything is okay. where all the pain and thoughts i deal with are gone. they evaporate. i can finally relax and not have to worry about anything. so yeah i think i understand where you're coming from.
I always resort to drinking when things get hard, but i've tired not to. Look at it this way whats worse the pain or the hang over? being drunk can only last so long and as soon as you are sober again the pain is still there and the alcohol is gone.
Okay i dont know how this is going to sound but i hope it makes sense. I have friends and people that surround me on a daliy basis but i feel so empty sometimes i have people that say they love me but i feel so lonely, i have friends but i feel like i never fit in, i feel like im unwanted and there is no need for me to be around i feel like when people tell me they miss me its a lie, i dont ever feel like im good enough for things, i dont feel like im invited to things because people care, I can never believe that anybody really love me besides God , some of the people at my church, and my parents. I feel forgotten i always felt like this my whole life i think its since i am the youngest and my siblings never included me in anything when i was young i cry to myself at night all the time for hours and hours and sometimes i dont know why when my mom became sick everybody that said they loved me left me im not looking for anyone's sympathy i go to counseling for that i just need suggestions, encouraging words , or someone to relate so i dont feel alone
I know what you mean, i used to feel like that all the time I would be hanging out with my friends and its as if im invisibul to everyone but me. It got better though the more i included myself the less invisibul I seem. my mum had been sick my whole life and I know how if feels. The past few years have been hard for me people kept leaving me and I thought it was my foult but really its not.
When I felt alone I would often look at pictures of me and my friends or think of my mum and I didnt feel so alone anymore. Their are people in your life that truly love you, even if your sibilings leave you out on things they still love you their family and maybe if you asked them not to leave you out they wont.
your not alone.
&nbsp;
-Chloejane
-Invisible Girl
I felt that way....
I've been there....
Your not alone....
&nbsp;
Maybe you need too try to stand out, and you feel this way because you feel that your not you. &nbsp;Maybe you need to sculpt your own personallity too make you feel more "out there".&nbsp;
Or maybe you just need a shoulder too cry on. &nbsp;To let it all out. &nbsp;Talk to people and tell them how you feel. If their true friends, they would care.... and I'm sure they do. &nbsp;I promise you'll feel MUCH better after you do.
Or maybe.... you need to make new and more friends...... Maybe things have gone stale.
&nbsp;
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Hope I helped, stay strong.&nbsp;
Thanks to all of you. I really needed to hear all of this :)
i feel this way too. reading this made me feel better. i have one best friend and we're always there for each other. we practically live at each other's houses. whenever i start to feel like this, or just crappy all around, i go for a bike ride and get fresh air, i write, or blog. the best advice i can give you is to breathe and let the rest come easy.
i understand completely. Feels like i'll feel this way forever. i keep telling myself... "its just life" But i never believe that. :\
Thanks to the both of you, i been trying to get better
I'm still there, and this page really makes me feel better. So thank you, all of you.
Hello everyone. I've been reading through all the blogs and discussions in this group, and I've decided to make my own help response to the majority of problems. No one's going to read this, but it's for myself mainly. Also, I'm a teenager, so please, go easy on me if my facts are wrong.
I'm finished for the time being. Thanks for reading. Add me if you want to talk. My email address is on my page, so give us a bell any time you want!
I'm reading this, it is great to read this. I've struggled with many issues, I just have a lot of trouble opening up and explaining. But i know this is very typical of me and any other person who reads this blog and comment on mine will think so. But only one girl has really helped me, actually she is a women. Demi Lovato, we both went through similar situations and i love see her interviews and magizine covers about her road to recovery. I feel like everyone who need helps should go to her.
it made me cry, about bullying, i was always a victim bullying and still, i try to face these people but it's hard, i think that these problems that u mentioned happen in every teenager's life.. example me: i have a lot of fights with my family especially about one thing: i'm in love with a guy but my family doesn't give me the freedom to be with a relationship with him.
I can't do this anymore. I can't take the pain. I can't take the thoughts. I can't take this life. This time last year, I would've locked myself in my room, cried to music, and sliced a razor blade across my wrists. I would've told my mom "I'm not hungry" so I could try to lose weight in the only way that works for me. But I can't. I can't cut. Not yet. I have no way of hiding it. I don't want to look like the "Emo Chick" on the first day of high school. I can't starve myself. I've read that if you starve yourself, a woman could become infertile and won't be able to get pregnant. My boyfriend and I are serious. From the very first day we started talking, he said he wants 4 kids. We can't be together truly for 4 more years, but we're willing to put up with that. I can't allow myself to become infertile and put an end to his dream of becoming a father. I have to stay strong for others. It's just hard. I'm literally driving myself insane with finding other ways to hurt myself, like staying up too late at night so I have a headache in the morning. I feel like I'm insane. I need help. I can't do this anymore. I'm tired of feeling trapped between the pain and the world ahead of me..
it may hurt but dont make another pain by cutting yourself and it is nice that you want kids just focus on tht :)
Hailey,
What a lovely name that is, my niece has the same name.
Anyways, I few months ago I found myself getting depressed and unhappy, mostly with my looks or family issues. When that would happen I found myself eatting everything in the kitchen, and that was the way I hurt myself. I finally came to realize that I was just hurting myself more and more and not being the person that I know I am. I came across this book called the secret and it changed my whole life. I read that being happy was so simple and that I could easily change my life around and be more positive about things. My best advice is to read the book or just watch the documentary. It changed my life and it can change your too. If you just ASK, BELIEVE, YOU WILL RECIEVE. I am also a great person to talk to when it comes to these things. If you every want to have a privte conversation just message me and I will be there.
-ThatGirlNamedSerena
"I think I've finally come to a place in my life where I'm ready to open myself up to the world, and only be accepted for who I am; not who I pretend to be.
Here is what I believe about many different things about life:
1.) I believe every person is beautiful and deserves to be cherished in life. Too many times are girls concerned (and hurt) by what guys think about them. Guys, you're the same way about girls, and let me just tell you what I believe right now. I believe every girl in the world deserves her prince charming, her ideal guy, not some sex-craving asshole who won't talk to them after that one night stand. But girls you have to understand, to find the man of your dreams you don't need to throw yourself out at every guy you see. Look I know, it's highschool everyone wants to feel like they're needed by someone else. You want somebody to love you. You want someone to be there for you through the day and night whenever you need them. You also want someone to need you. Someone that wants to be with you every waking moment of the day and throughout the night. I hate to say this, but you need to hear it; that's not realistic. Only a small amount of marriages come out of high school romances. I'm not saying it's impossible, but it's not probable. I'm not saying this to discourage you; I say this so you realize you need to take things slow. Too many times do girls come to me saying "He took my virginity, and won't even talk to me" or "I thought he loved me, he told me he did. I was in love with him." Girls! You need to guard yourselves! I'm telling you this as a guy who cares; sex will not bring you happiness, and I realize a lot of you girls have sex with a guy because you're afraid he'll leave you or you're afraid he'll love you less if you don't, and maybe that's true; maybe he will. But here's a question for you; if he does, then was he worth it? And you know what the answer is every single time? No. Don't give up such a precious thing to a teenage guy who's been manipulating you with his bullshit 'I love you's' and convincing 'Forever's'. There are some really good dudes out there. One's that'll treat you right; with respect; like the princess you deserve to be treated like. I'm not even going to pretend I'm one of them, because honestly I'm not. But you aren't going to find these guys by going to parties or flirting with every dude in the hallway. Usually, the guys who will treat you right are the one's that don't go around flirting with you constantly. They're the one's who will tell you "you look beautiful today" not "shit shawty you hot". They're the one's mature enough to let their feelings develop before making a move. They're the one's who are nice to you even when you're a bitch to them. They are the one's who talk to you all night, until you fall asleep because they care about you. They're the one's who can look you in the eye take your hand kiss you on the cheek and tell you they love you. The guys who make-out with you on the first date, tell you they love you in the hope of getting in your pants are the guys you keep falling for. My facebook newsfeed has consisted of nothing but: Guy - "I'm going to start treating girls like shit because that's how you get girls. Why don't girls stop going with the douchebags and start going with a sweet guy like me?" Believe me guys who say this aren't sweet; and they won't treat you right. They are immature highschoolers trying to guilt girls into thinking they're great sweet guys who will treat them like princesses. Newsflash, every guy I've seen with this status has had more then five girlfriends in the last two months. The other half of my newsfeed consists of: Girl - "They're no good guys in the world. I get my heart broken every time. Why can't there just be one guy to treat me right?" Look most of you girls that say this have NOT truly had your heart broken, because believe me when you do, you will not be complaining about it on facebook every couple of weeks. You heart does not get broken by a guy that you've been talking to for a few weeks going and dating some other girl. Getting you heart broken is when you love someone so much you're to the point of never wanting to be without them. The hardest thing you ever say to them is "goodbye" as you kiss their lips one more time in the night. Then you wake up one morning, and they're gone. Out with some other girl telling them everything they told you. That's how heartbreaking happens. Believe me very few of you, have sincerely felt that way. Lots of you think you have, but stop kidding yourself. Stop taking the "heartbreak" and "mistrust" from your past relationships into your current ones. Believe me it's not helping anything to have trust issues with the boy you started dating earlier that week. Girls you have to give every relationship a new start. If you aren't to the point where you're able to forget about past relationships and give another guy the chance to love you, then don't date. You need to get to the point of "forgive and forget"ing your last relationships before you enter another one. Be patient.   
So enough rambling about high school relationships; time to move on to my views on religion.
2.) Okay so here's my views on Christianity. From reading the above you might think I'm a good christian boy or something like that; you may think the exact opposite, I don't know but here's what I am. I'm a person striving to be the best that I can to spite my current situation in life (which is hard). I believe in God yes. I believe in Jesus yes. I believe in the Bible yes. However I don't believe in everything the church is today and here's why: I grew up in the church ever since I was little I've been in the front pew waiting for 'the message'. I've heard every twist to every story in the entire Bible. I spent two summers reading the Bible forwards and backwards trying to get a better understanding of who Jesus really is; and a better understanding of what the church leaves out. Here's my biggest beef with 'The church': my biggest beef with it is the happy go lucky attitude it presents. The pastors who preach the 'God is good; all the time' ideology disgust me, and do miss justice to the Bible. How many times have you heard the story of 'The woman at the well' 'Jesus' resurrection' 'Noah' or 'Jesus feeds the thousands'? I'm sure most of you are pretty familiar with these stories, and there's nothing wrong with these stories, but I am making my way to my main point. How many times do you hear stories from your pastors about 'God hardens pharaoh's heart' or 'God gives the devil permission to destroy Job's life'? The answer for most of you is NEVER! In fact most of you were probably ignorant to their existence. The fact of the matter is preachers take the 'Good' things out of the Bible, and leave the other. They try to make Christianity look like a little walk in the park, and it's not. Many times in the Bible it says God will put us through trials. That we will have temptations. That the devil will come after us. But if we stay strong in God he'll protect us. The preachers job is not to tell one half of the Bible to the church trying to make being a christian look like a cakewalk; it's to tell the church what the Bible says, and to help apply it and make it more personable to everyday life. So that's my major beef with the church.
Now here is a secondary beef I have with 'Youth ministry'. I've been to over 20 youth groups in my life and most of them I was not comfortable being a part of. Here's why - Most youth groups are very hypocritical; they say they're about reaching to broken, and helping those who are in 'bad situations'. But when you go to a youth group and look around that isn't what you usually see going on. Just recently I went to a youth group and overheard two girls talking about a 'new person' who had come that night; the conversation went something like this: Girl1 - "Did you see _______ come in tonight? I don't know why she's at church when she goes around sleeping with dudes like every night!" Girl2 - "I know she comes here and expects us to be nice to her or something. WHORE!" Do you see how wrong this is? Not just on one level. It's wrong in the sense that you should NEVER talk about someone that way; and it's also wrong because if you think about it, what's the point of having a 'youth group'? It's the help those who need it most. So how are you going to judge the needy for coming to a place they thought was for THEM to come get help? You are scaring people off for the very reason you're trying to attract them. Practice what you preach.
So that's my Christianity ramble. In case you didn't pick it up from that; yes I am a Christian, but I don't believe in everything the church stands for.
3.) Here's my ramble on friendship/loving people. First off what is a friend? Well according to the 'Webster Dictionary' it is - "one attached to another by affection or esteem." But it's so much more then that. It's the constant companionship through thick and thin. The need to constantly talk and be with each other. To be a friend is to put the other first; before all selfish desires. To listen when they need to vent; to be a peer when they need advice; to be a shoulder to cry on in the most saddening of times; to be that constant voice of comfort after the loss of someone special. Personally, I believe people overuse the phrase "________ is my BEST FRIEND" are they really? The one who talks crap about you all the time, but you pretend to like each other in public? Nah. Best friends are the people you can spill your life to and not be judged. Someone to give honest advice about what to do in hard situations. Okay that's enough about relationships, now time for 'love'. Okay for right now I'm talking about the way you love your brother, or the way you love your best friend. "Love is patient, love is kind. Love is not jealous, or boastful, or proud." 1st Corinthians 13:4 Now this might sound like a corny definition for love, but read it. Think about what love is; what is means to love someone. Honestly, I think this is the PERFECT definition of what love is. To love is to be selfless; not selfish. To love is to sacrifice over and over for someone never once thinking to yourself "What's in it for me? Why should I even care?" To love is to give ones self lower priority to that of someone else. So when you say you love someone; do you really? One of my pet peeves in the inaccuracy of what people say. Don't flippantly use words or phrases not really thinking about the true meaning. Because I guarantee you've told someone "I love you girl" or "I love you bro" when you didn't really mean you love them in the true meaning of love. 
Okay so now that my ti-raid is over I'd like to give a little information about me, and who I am.
After reading the above I'm sure your eyes are tired, and you aren't going to make it all the way down here. Which is why I purposefully put what I REALLY want you to read at the top.
Okay I'm Benjamin. I'm fifteen. As most fifteen year old guys do, I have a lot of 'problems'. My home life isn't 'perfect', but who's is? I love my family with my entire heart, and I would give my life for any one of them. I invest a lot of my time in sports and schoolwork, but honestly most of my time is invested into the lives of my friends. I'm sorta the guy people come to talk to, because I've been through a lot. I've been through cutting, addiction to porn, best friend suicide, fighting at home, and some other things that will not be mentioned here; but you name it I've had some experience to it. Life's been tough. When I was twelve I got so depressed I started hurting myself in anyway I could. My self-abuse went on until I was fourteen, and I got some help. We all go through this stage where we feel like nobody loves us, and being alive sucks, but eventually it'll end. I've been cut free for over a year now. During this same time I hit puberty and the addiction to the female body. Now before you think I'm some creepy little horny teenage boy you need to understand that ALL teenage boys go through this. The one's who say they don't are either lying, or are gay. But that is beside the point, anyways during my self-abuse stage I was addicted to porn. Most of my addiction was probably fueled by the fact that I thought I was a total badass for getting around my parents, the rest of it was because I was a teenage boy. This issue was a lot tougher to attack then my self-abuse issues. I've just recently been able to free my addiction hopefully for good due to the help of a few adults I confided in with my problems. After I defeated my self-abuse the depression of feeling like I was the worst dude in the world and everything else I was going through, one of my friends decided it would be funny to kill themselves. Now I had never met this person face to face. We had met and talked over skype for two years, and I became very close to him. Even considered him as my best friend. Anyways, exactly two weeks before my 14th birthday he went and killed himself; for reasons I did not, and still cannot understand. I never received any information or anything except he was dead. After this the sudden urge to go hurt myself came back. This is when I majorly started going to church and getting involved into small groups. It was the only way I felt I could defeat my depression, and it worked. Within six months I was again myself and back to helping others rather then hiding in my little corner of pity and grief. After this is when fighting in the home began to majorly take place. Me and my siblings fought constantly; my parents and my siblings fought excessively; and my parents had their little quarrels as well. I know most of you can relate to this as most of us do not have a perfect home life. But this really beat me up inside. Feeling like I had no real relationships with my siblings really tore at me. Eventually, I manage to establish a relationship with my sister. My three other brothers are still borderline. But besides all of this I've grown up and I've turned out the person I am today. Happy go lucky, funny, quirky, rambunctious, curious, loving, caring, and emotional me. I tell you my life story not so you'll think I'm a weirdo, or so you'll pity me, or anything of that sort. I tell you this, because I know a lot of my friends are going through this exact same thing right now, and I want you to know it IS possible to change. To be a new person, to leave your past behind and break free. Honestly, I can't mention some things I've been through because it's too personal, but I've been through hell and back emotionally. I know what it feels like to not feel wanted. To be told you're worthless. To be treated like shit by those who claim to love you. I know what it feels like; I really truly do, and it pains me to know how many of you also know that same feeling. But I'm here to build confidence, and inspire you to keep moving forward. You can become something great if it's what you desire. If you truly desire to get out of this you can! It's NOT un-reachable! My life and others like me are living testaments to what can be achieved if you desire to, and then take the necessary steps to change. I've basically spilled most of my life story out here for you guys, and those of you who are just going to judge it, may go ahead and do so. It's things like this that shows me who the 'real' people are out there. Those of you who read this and will actually listen to the words I've spoken I applaud you for seeing this through open eyes, and open hearts, and if any of you would like to talk to me about any of this, or anything else, I'm here to listen. Message me on facebook, or email me spratley.ben@gmail.com do whatever, but I want you to talk to me if you need someone to talk to. I appreciate your guys time in reading this.
 I realize some of you don't care about what I have to say, but please if you read this, and even if you don't know me please, please, please talk to me! I'd love to help you in any way I can."
Sorry for the language, I was very passionate when I wrote it, and it seemed necessary at times to use it. But I have stopped swearing since this time haha.(:
Wow I read this all and you seem very passionate about what you talk about. You give a lot of hope just with these words. And Ithink what you just wrote is great!
@Blue: I am very passionate about what I believe. Thanks.(:
This totally made since to me I totally feel way bout everything but i could never say without swearing or being harsh but thanks for saying my thoughts lol
@ Mali: I'm glad that this could make sense, and be relate-able to you. Haha I tried writing it without swearing, but it just didn't get my point across the way I wanted to; so once again I apologize for my language. No problem! (:
ever since i was 8 i have kept a secret to myself.......until last year i finally told my mom because i would wake in the middle of the night screaming for him to stop but he never would and neither would the dreams. all to quickly she shoved it off so i confided into my best friend to be there for me when i told him but he just told me i was some freak that needed help....that i do thats why i was lookin for somthin in you but he just shut the door in my face now im alone to deal with it myself. every night i cry myself to sleep n everyday i find a way to make myself bleed. in some way it makes me feel like im bleeding all the ugly of that day out slowly until one day itll be gone n ill feel better again. but ill never get back what he took from me that day....now i look at myself n think im not pretty because i dont feel like i am worthy enough to be anything more than an empty heart my life has been upside down ever since thenand im in it alone......
I don't know who this guy is but depending on what he actually did to you you should report him to the police!!:( he is wrong all together though for his actions and causIng yours! I dOnt care what u look like as long as you wake up in the morning and go to bed at night lOoking in the mirror and sayig I am beautiful!!!! Because is what everyone is in their own s
I don't know who this guy is but depending on what he actually did to you you should report him to the police!!:( he is wrong all together though for his actions and causIng yours! I dOnt care what u look like as long as you wake up in the morning and go to bed at night lOoking in the mirror and sayig I am beautiful!!!! Because is what everyone is in their own special way!!!:)
I know you don't know me or think i don't understand but if he raped you i do! i've been there and i know what you are feeling. i know that when that happens you want to fall over and die! And the stress and nightmears don't help nothing seems to when you're in that twight light stage i guess. but you have to be strong find someone to talk to it's really good to just get it out. And the police aren't always the anwser they can't always help. i know that sounds bad but it's true. the police didn't come in tell my friend was raped by the same guy as i was. And it's just making me have to repeat my story over and over to the jury and cops and even my old friends that dont know what a monster he really is. i can tell you that the lonleyness will always linger in you but you can find ways to cope and push that aside and be who you really are. To shine and not let anyone get to you because they're no body's perfect they're just lame asses :)
thank you both of you so much it means alot to me to know that im not alone n that people actually care
Everyone cares but pedos and shitballs like them!!!
last year i used to cut myself. i enjoyed it because it brought my pain from the inside to the outside which was close enough for me to say the pain was almost gone. ya know? one day my boyfriend and i were sitting in an assembly and i was wearing shorts, (i cut myself on my high thigh so no one will notice) but my plan backfired and  he was rubbing my leg when my shorts came up. Ryan saw my cuts and freaked out, he ended up helping me through everything and i havent cut myself in almost a year. but that day my friend Hannah saw my cuts too, she started cutting herself. she doesnt have a reason or pain for her to need to do this because she does it for the attention. i know this because she makes it seen when she wants it to be then looks at me and says wow that was a close one after making up a story to whomever asks her what those scars are from. it bothers me cause its as if shes making fun of me in some way and its an actual problem that some people have while she uses it for atttention? i dont understand! what should i do?
I think you should tell her that cutting isn't a joke, and try to persuade her to stop. Maybe tell her how happy and better off you are since you stopped cutting yourself. Just try to get her along the right path and to look for attention in a more positive way. You know?
ive tried many things, this being one of them. she just doesnt get it and no shes trying to tell me its fun?
and see thats what i did first and then one of my best guy friends noticed and started giving her the exact attention she wanted and she took it so far then it broke my best guy friend and his girlfriend up. like is there anything left to try?
Hmmm..  I guess it's just up to her. The only thing left to do is tell her that she needs to drop the act! In the nicest way possible!.. Haha!
sounds good to me! thank you (:
No Problem! :)
She's either playing a cruel joke or she's just cutting herself 'cause she wants the attention. Maybe it's time you question your relationship with her before she does something else to herself. Tell her parents. It won't be tattling 'cause cutting yourself can lead to without you're knowing it microscopic diseases entering the parts of your body where you cut yourself leading to well you get the picture.
I hope you do answer me with my advicwe
her parents are divorced. her dad lives in texas and hates her and threw her out two years ago after one year of living down there. so she moved back here and her mom offically given up on her with everything. so i cant go to them.
