{"http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/wish-i-was-gone/":{"replies":["I’m really sorry for what you’re going through. I know how it feels. If you ever need to talk, here’s my e-mailhannahwaldron25@yahoo.com"],"source":"This all really started 9/30/09 when my boyfriend commited suicide wich makes 2people in my live dead my brother and boyfriend. I have always been depressed since my brother but after my boyfriend was gone that hit the button and i took amidate action i started cutting my self and i recently last wednesday tried to overdose on sleeping pills but i ended up in the hospitall. i have a new boyfriend and he has depression problems as i do and we both are trying to stay strong but it is hard though being at home where no one likes me and then even being outside of home where i get the same as i do at home i am one my last to strikes and i feel alone to make my choice i still feel i need to be here for my sister she is suicidal and boyfriend who is still alive for me and he is suicidal and me it is so much weight on my shoulders come home my parents ignore me i hear my mom talk at night saying with me or my sister her life would be easier and better and she wouldnt have to waste so much money and she is constantly getting in my face and my dad hasnt been in my llife ive tried suicide a few time gun and overdose neither seems too work"},"http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/dont-know-what-to-do-2/":{"replies":["i know how you feel, i used to cut myself everyday, and it’s hard to hide it, my mom  and some guys from school saw the scars and gave me a lot of shit for that….. i also have an eating disorder, one day i can’t control myself and i eat anything i can find, and the next day i don’t eat at all…\ni really don’t know how to get out of  this, so the only thing i can tell you is that you are not alone and there’s  a lot of people going through the same thing","i understand ,\ni know how hard it is i am a self hammer also , and i have suffired from belimia… some times all i need is someone to talk to some on to be a freind i gueesss… and it saves my life.\nyou ever need someon to talk tocassiesmith7@live.ca","hello,\nThe other day i tried to commit suicide by taking an overdose on some pills like advil (ETC..) and all of the food i ate got thrown back out\ntoday after my Sofball pratice i got home and ate but then threw up again i was 120 pounds but no ive gone down to 110\nI cut myself too ,my boyfriend gives me crap about that too\nMy mom thinks im too over-dramtic and “imagining” about this whole depressed feeling\nI’m not pretending she has seen 2 sucidal notes from me\nbut now i think that overdose is effecting me pretty badly but im still aliveBe strong…Eating disorders suck…being depressed sucks too"],"source":"I don’t know what to do anymore. Here’s why:1: I’m a SI (self-injurer) and I just cannot seem to stop. No matter how hard I try. I have scars everywhere. I feel like a freak. I try to hide the scars, but everyone in school keeps asking me if I’m EMO. I hate it!!!2: I have Anorexia Nevosa. I hate it!!! I just want to be beautiful. But when I look in the mirror……..all I see is this fat, ugly, horrible person. It never goes away!!! I never seem to sleep, even though I know I do. My aunt makes me eat. She’s been so hard on me since I told her. It’s ruining my life!!!3: There’s a voice………in my head. It keeps whispering to me. It says: “Your a fat pig” We’ve worked hard for this, don’t give up” “One more pound and you’ll look like an elephant” “Everybody hates you” “YOur mother hates you” “Your a slut, bitch, and a whore”. I CANNOT TAKE IT ANYMORE!!!!4: The kids at school are horrible. Since I’m out in school, they treat me like shit. Like I don’t have feelings. Like I’m…….immortal. I hate it!!!! I hate them!!!! GOD!!!!5: My aunt keeps telling me that I don’t want help. That I want people do to my work for me. Blah, blah, blah. She criticizes me all the time. She criticizes my own mother too!!!!God!!! I don’t know what to do!!! I just wanna go crawl in a hole and die!!! I want all of this to just GO AWAY!!! I wanna die!!!! I know my life isn’t as bad as it seems. But I’ve writen other posts about my past. I’m…….just………..depressed!!! And nobody seems to listen!!!! NOBODY!!!! GOD!!!! I tried to commit suicide a couple of weeks ago. But it didn’t work. IDK. I just want all of this to go away!!!!"},"http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/somehow-im-still-here/":{"replies":["I know how that feels. That’s how I feel right now. If you ever need to talk, here’s my e-mail:hannahwaldron25@yahoo.com","I know exactly how you feel. I had that same feeling last year. If you ever need someone to talk to just send me an email at irishluckycharm9@aol.com"],"source":"I’m still waiting for something to happen. Not something special that could finally brings me to the end of this pain. Everything is fine, everything makes me feel this is the very end.I don’t know if I’m the weird one. I want some help but at the same time I isolated myself avoiding others, even my friends, with some silly escuses. Hardly I recognize myself when I look into the mirror.I started to hate being surrounded by people when found everybody in my life betraying me. Was really my fault? My parents, my friend, my boyfriend. I can’t go out without feelin’ uneasy, sickened. Maybe I’m too weak to overcome something like that, maybe I simply can’t. Maybe I trusted the wrong people. The only thing I’m sure about is that nobody could’ve hurt me in the same twisted way they did. It seem like some of them did it on purpose. Just to push me down. Just to break myself in pieces.  Should I have been stronger to bear all this? I’m so young but still all I see in front of me is deep despair.I could say I want to live, now. In five minutes I may change my mind. I wrote this piece in the last moment of relief, I’m gonna give myself the last chance to survive. I can’t help myself thinking life can still be wonderful for me. But now I’m so tired, so numb, so addicted, so overwrought that all I can think about is that now I’m a complete coward. I don’t know how to live and I don’t know how to die."},"http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/i-feel-defective/":{"replies":[],"source":"I’m wholly unremarkable. Not painfully introverted but not an extrovert, either. Not child-frighteningly hideous, but far from gorgeous. I’m not the best at anything, nor the worst at anything. I am, when taken at face value, the epitome of mediocrity. I don’t turn heads. I won’t turn the pages of history. I’m just so completely and utterly…blah.My moods are unstable, my health is unstable, any relationships I have had were unstable. I’m not strong, fortified…I’m weak.I am a pretender: Even if I wore the lie right on my face, you couldn’t see through it.I am a chameleon: I will adapt and blend in with anything and everything, just to keep you guessing. You will never know me.I am a coward: Most everything terrifies me and I don’t even have the ability to handle everyday life.I am forsaken: All have forgotten me."},"http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/ive-been-reduced-to-this/":{"replies":["The only thing I can say is that I know how it feels. Trust me.","I know.  Sometimes the pain makes me write these long and “beautifully” tortuous diary entries in which I feel I’m literally pouring my soul out onto the pages and I go on an on for hours and even occasionally manage to impress myself with the pitiful attempts at trying to link language to the gnawing pain or the empty pit, or whatever I guess I think it feels most like at the time.  And sometimes I can’t do anything but cry and think over and over, “it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts god it hurts how can i survive this pain oh god oh god oh god oh god it HURTS.”  I know.  I know, I know, I know.  I’m so sorry."],"source":"While ago,  I wrote two very long, detailed  essays on this site, praised for it’s style and eloquence…Now I’m reduced to this…SUFFERING. SUFFERING. SUFFERING, SUFFERING….HUMILIATION. HUMILIATION. HUMILATION, HUMILATION….DESPAIR. DESPAIR. DESPAIR, DESPAIR….I can’t breath, I’m suffocating…I can’t take this shit  anymore…Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"},"http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/4718/":{"replies":[],"source":"Apathy, depression, rage, insanity, the split of your personality, the controll you know you lost long ago, the hours of sleep lost, opression, introversion. How can something be all of this, possess all of these emotions, without physically being able to be indentified as any of them. The darkness that infects people can never really be diagnosed, cured, or found. If it lives in you, you’re the only one that knows that it’s there. And you’ll know. Every person on this website thinks that they have it garunteed. About 3% of them do most likely. How many people can honestly say, that they’re being driven to the point where the only thing left to do to get rid of this darkness is blow your own fucking brains out, hoping it kills it, stop its heartbeat with pills (as if this thing has such an organ), choke it to death, all resulting in the death of the person hosting it. That wont kill it. You’re looking for some form of relief. Relief is an emotion, something that dies right with you when you make that choice. The last thing you will feel, see, or be at all physically aware of, is the fact that you haven’t defeated this thing. It’ll move on to someone else and all thats left of you is apathy. You as a dead being have physically become apathy. Apathy isn’t a feeling, its the lack of. It is the dead. If you “feel” it inside of you, chances are a part of you is dead."},"http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/cant-take-anymore/":{"replies":["i’ll take the time to show you that i care – will you give me the chance?http://suicideproject.org/2009/10/please-let-me-help-3/"],"source":"…and no one cares. it seems everything i do in my life anymore falls apart. if only one person in my life can come and say I care and can i help would make a difference. no on does anymore it seems in short supply. what is going on with people? reminds me of that verse in the bible “and the love of many will grow cold” i think revelation is happening. thing is lately ive realised I dont want to live on the planet anymore…not that I dont want to live I just dont like it here and dont like the people anymore. its been 2 years of backslide, loss of job, work, girlfriend, recently my mom passed. i have 2 roomates at my home and am scaring them away. they think the temper and screaming about troubles is a threat. its a cry fro help. they run out and dont talk to me for days. freinds and family turn away. all i ask is understanding and a little help. seems no one cares at all. ive given up on god. seems all he does is deny me or shit on me too. creditors want money, freinds want respect, well how about me? how about my needs? it makes me wish the worst on em all. i see a catastrophy on the news and laugh saying good i hope that happens here people deserve it!  yeah everyone wants something from me…gimme gimme gimme. how about a little love and respect or is that illegal now? how about someone in my life that supports me? how about a job or business? we get asked to perform and perform our best, live up to demands but how about mine…oh i dont matter. tired of scripts and sleeping aids, self help, church support, shrinks. everyone has the answer but no clue! they dont know the constant pain in my head if i could just blow it out there would be peace. i know it would wreck my son but the pain gets so bad anything is worth killing it. you feel like a cripple and people keep mocking and kicking you because you cant walk WTF!!! im convinced most people have a serious lack of empathy for anyone or anything unless it means money in their hand. this is a hollow country and a hollow world. i hope its struck down soon."}}